can't be giving you a living on me you
make me sick blue in your kitchen on me
don't know what to do even ani you'll
make me say oh I are you put your enemy
you may be sick boolean get you know me
some words to leave me you know we could
say oh I oh I and that just was a little
bit of hamachi I need to pay to my girls
Danity Kane which brings me to this
video what's going on YouTube what's
going on so I'm eyewitness out there to
sugar all just one key and today i'm
doing a first impression on the week
Danity me the song was befitting and
this insanity you guys this is by the
new Brazilian natural collection by
freetress equal she's a lady deep
invisible airport and she is gorgeous on
this package i love what i see so now
we're gonna see what she's giving out
the pad let's do this show i got her in
the color okie 99 g y'all know I like my
lip burgundy an hour later I got an
awful week types icon she was like 3299
and obviously I got other stuff with it
so my shipping was free um if you are
anything off a week tax I common if you
get stuff over 4999 the shipping is
automatically free and I'm sure mostly
wig let's know that if you order weeks
like me
the unveiling of Miss Danity to do you
got a first aid kit handy do do you know
how to patch up a wound tell me are you
are you patient understand the money
time good luck I tried every remedy end
up dancing to work them baby the
situation me crazy and I really wanna be
in the neatest but the one before you
let me some damage so damn nice you guys
this part looks realistic i'm loving it
but i'm gonna put some concealer on it
let me get packed and stick out a little
bit more but she has two combs in the
front on each side of the part and she
has one comb in the back into adjustable
straps and you can see the lace blah
blah blah xterra y'all know so I'm gonna
cut the lace off and put on but she is
gorgeous look at this video oh my gosh
creatures y'all but to be the messed up
boom when i see i mighta found the one I
love hold up y'all go to give me a
second hey guys so I'm back and I have
miss Danity on my head and I am loving
it's late already I haven't done
anything yet I haven't combed it I have
a finger combed it crushed it nothing I
just threw it on came back to show y'all
so we put the work with this week and
see what its gonna give us
try to make my first impressions its
authentic as possible I want you to see
my first egg question so oh my gosh
y'all I haven't even put the brush to
eject just imagine once I press him I'm
loving it though y'all who she is yes ya
see mm-hmm My Little League us wait
y'all I liked my little legal swipe who
sad here let me give you all the
turnaround a 360 degree view of this
week so y'all can see what she looks
like from the side and from the back and
hopefully this time I won't f it up I
would actually be showing the league and
she comes down here and this is the side
now I'm going to brush her and see what
she's given to the people
and she is giving Danny to the people
getting on the same she's giving it she
is giving it I love this reading honey
I'm I definitely have to keep y'all
updated on what's going on with Hall how
she lasted I'm not getting any shedding
yet so far so maybe that's a good thing
she won't but she's killed she is
killed preachers y'all got another
winner on your hands so my first
impression of Danity is I love it thumbs
up so on that note you guys that's it
this sugar I'll just one key and always
remember to just be you cuz there's just
one you and be fierce waiting cuz i am
do do you got a first aid kit handy Duke
do you know how to patch up a whole tell
me uh uh uh are you all your patient
understanding damage damage I thought
that I slit no than my heart damage